Improve docs for "@phpstan-consistent-constructor" (#9518)
phpstan/phpstan: website/src/_posts/solving-phpstan-error-unsafe-usage-of-new-static.md

<div class="text-xs inline-block border border-green-600 text-green-600 bg-green-100 rounded px-1 mb-4">Available in PHPStan 1.7.0 with bleeding edge</div>

> You can add `@phpstan-consistent-constructor` tag to the class, which ensures that any constructor in a child class satisfy signature as the parent constructor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add `@phpstan-consistent-constructor` tag to the class, which ensures that any constructor in a child class satisfies the signature of the parent constructor.
```

> You can add `@phpstan-consistent-constructor` tag to the class, which ensures that any constructor in a child class has the same/contravariant signature as the parent constructor.

Author: ```suggestion
You can add `@phpstan-consistent-constructor` tag to the class, which ensures that any constructor in a child class satisfy signature as the parent constructor.
```
